0.4.9 release notes (#2813)
Napari/napari: docs/release/release_0_4_9.md

# napari 0.4.9

We're happy to announce the release of napari 0.4.9!
napari is a fast, interactive, multi-dimensional image viewer for Python.
It's designed for browsing, annotating, and analyzing large multi-dimensional
images. It's built on top of Qt (for the GUI), vispy (for performant GPU-based
rendering), and the scientific Python stack (numpy, scipy).

For more information, examples, and documentation, please visit our website:
https://github.com/napari/napari

## Highlights

> This release adds a couple nice new features like additional shading modes for our

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release adds a couple of nice new features such as additional shading modes for our
```

- Set default highlight thickness to 2 (#2746)
- Save shortcuts in settings (#2754)
- Enable correct loading of settings from environment variables (#2759)
- Add tooltips to widgets in preferences (#2762)
- Improve colormap error message, when using display names or wrong colormap names (#2769)
- Add parent to console and dockwidgets in a separate private attribute. (#2773)
- Improve error message when legacy Qt installed from conda over pip (#2776)
- Change remove to uninstall in plugin dialog (#2787)
- Do not write settings loaded from environment values (#2797)

## Bug Fixes
- Fixing `add_dock_widget` compatibility with `magicgui v0.2` (#2734)
- Shortcuts: Render properly shortcuts with minus and space. (#2735)
- Fix runtime error when running doc tests on napari site (#2738)
- Fix play button with dask/zarr (#2741)
- Ignore opening 1D image layers in the viewer model. (#2743)
- Fix custom layer subclasses (don't require layer icon) (#2758)
- Add temporal fix for handling enums in qt_json_form (#2761)
- Use slicing rather than np.take in add_image (#2780)
- Fix paint cursor size for layer with negative scale (#2788)
- track_id dtype change. from uint16 to uint32 (#2789)

> - Ensure aborted workers don't emit returned signal (#2796)

Reviewer: In theory this would be an API change, although I very much doubt someone was using it this way...
